Document push trigger repository limit for workflows (#5387)
mintlify/docs: agent/workflows.mdx

- `repo`: The repository in `owner/repo` format.
- `branch` (optional): The branch to watch for pushes. If you don't specify a branch, the workflow triggers on pushes to the repository's default branch.

> A workflow can watch for pushes to multiple repositories or branches. You can specify up to ten push trigger repositories per workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A workflow can watch for pushes to up to 10 repositories or branches.
```
